Add resource metrics cache cleanup (#39957)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/prometheusremotewritereceiver/README.md

[development]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/docs/component-stability.md#development
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

# Resource Metrics Cache

> Target info metrics and "normal" metrics are a match when they have the same job/instance. But these metrics not always comes in the same order. For this reason, the receiver use an internal LRU and stateless cache implementation to store resource metrics across requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`target_info` metrics and "normal" metrics are a match when they have the same job/instance labels (Please read the [specification](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/compatibility/prometheus_and_openmetrics/#resource-attributes-1) for more details). But these metrics do not always come in the same Remote-Write request. For this reason, the receiver uses an internal LRU (Least Recently Used) and stateless cache implementation to store resource metrics across requests.
```
